hi hello I'm there they didn't dare I'm
usually the cameraman for yes theory
since we're doing these vlogs I just
wanted to take a shot at doing something
different so I hope you enjoy them as
much as I enjoyed making it thank you
for watching
already
there are two things you need to know
about me for this video one
I suck at surfing That's not me
That's not me that's me and two carrying
my surfboard is harder than surfing
whether that's because I don't have any
muscle or just because I'm lazy I don't
know but today at least one of these
things is gonna change
to be honest I had no idea how to build
a surf master 3000 so I needed some help
you
to build a surf master 3000 you need a
couple of things for long boards for
medium size boards for short boards four
wheels and a bunch of screws and
brackets and then you drill them all now
you're ready to rule the streets
you deli then you can have your own
board exactly
even though I'm the same day my friend
Alex showed me a much easier way to
carry the surfboard and I got a little
upset I guess you can say carrying my
surfboard is not a problem anymore but I
still suck at surfing
you